# Analysis

## 1. System Description

### Introduction
StockInfinity aims to provide transparent _stock_ information to users through multiple platforms to deliver a seamless experience and an exceptional level of accessibility. It is difficult to find a financial application that is not littered with unnecessary information. Many of the current _stock_ application powerhouses have had incidents in which they were exposed for ingenuine practices which have large impacts on an investor’s financial well being. For those who need honest and uncluttered information about their **favorite** _stocks_, Stock Infinity can bridge the gap that larger firms and companies have been incapable of providing. Our product offers a friendly interface that allows you to see the information that you need without the extra fluff. You can be confident that our product will deliver the information you need for your financial future without fail. A simple, honest, and comprehensive application that allows both novice and expert investors to view information on their preferred _stocks_ without having to sift through unnecessary information or worry about conflicting interests of shareholders affecting their access to information.

### View Stocks
The user should be able to easily access the various pieces of information about a **stock**. This information will include key data points such as the _trading volume_, _market cap_, _average trading volume_, and the _beta_ for that **stock**. These pieces of information will be easily accessible and constantly updated with the correct information. For this requirement, the **stock(s)** is the class and the various types of data for each **stock** are the attributes. The <u>preferred stocks</u> would be an association to the general **stock** class. These will be described in more detail shortly.

### UI
The **UI** will feature a simple layout with minimal screen changes. There will be a _navigation bar_ featured at the bottom of the **screen** allowing users to switch between the three different **screens**.  viewing their *home page* of featured **stocks**, a **screen** for _searching_ for **stocks**, and a **screen** to view your _profile_ and change your **settings**. The featured **stocks** would include the highest traded **stocks** (on the day) until the user begins to favorite **stocks**. The _search_ **screen** will let users look for different **stocks** to view their information and favorite them. The _profile_ screen will house the users **account** information, as well as let the user adjust **accounts** and change **notification** settings

### Search
It’s important that the **user** has the ability to search through a wide library of various **stocks** on our app. As a **user** of StockInfinity, the capability to search for **stocks** lays the foundation for the whole purpose of this app. When first entering the app you will be able to see the status of your <u>bookmarked **stocks**</u>, but before you’re able to do that, you must first find your desired **stocks** to be tracked. The search feature is an important requirement of our app because it allows the **user** to start building their own data and gain individuality from other users.
